[KEP-3962]Update the status of the MutatingAdmissionPolicy (#51534)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/mutating-admission-policy.md

Reviewer: For GA (and then implicitly also for beta), the foot of this page should have a "What's next?" section.

Author: Also I am curious shouldn't the "What's next?" section be added in the blog instead of internal feature doc like here?

<!-- overview -->

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.34" state="beta" >}}
<!-- due to feature gate history, use manual version specification here -->

This page provides an overview of _MutatingAdmissionPolicies_.
MutatingAdmissionPolicies allow you change what happens when someone writes a change to the Kubernetes API.
If you want to use declarative policies just to prevent a particular kind of change to resources (for example: protecting platform namespaces from deletion),
[ValidatingAdmissionPolicy](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/)
is
a simpler and more effective alternative.

To use the feature, enable the `MutatingAdmissionPolicy` feature gate (which is off by default) and set `--runtime-config=admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1=true` on the kube-apiserver. 

> Note that the default stored version remains alpha in 1.34 and whoever enabled beta during 1.34 needs to run a storage migration yourself to ensure you don't depend on alpha data in etcd later.

Reviewer 2: grammar nit and a suggestion to cross link the storage migration docs:
```suggestion
Note that the default stored version remains alpha in 1.34 and if you enabled beta during 1.34 you need to run a [storage migration](/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/storage-version-migration/) yourself to ensure you don't depend on alpha data in etcd later.
```

Reviewer: If possible, use a `note` shortcode. But I would omit this, TBH. Maybe we can have a formulaic way to let people know about alpha storage versions and give advice, but it should mostly be signposting.

The typical person reading this won't need to plan for a cluster upgrade that bumps storage versions.

Reviewer 3: based on the discussion [here](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C0EG7JC6T/p1754504302244079): I am creating a new PR for this docs with all the suggestion applied: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/51819/

<!-- overview -->

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.34" state="beta" >}}
<!-- due to feature gate history, use manual version specification here -->

> This page provides an overview of _MutatingAdmissionPolicies_.

Reviewer: (important nit)
```suggestion
This page provides an overview of _MutatingAdmissionPolicies_.
MutatingAdmissionPolicies allow you change what happens when someone writes a change to the Kubernetes API.

If you want to use declarative policies just to prevent a particular kind of change to resources (for example: protecting platform namespaces from deletion),
[ValidatingAdmissionPolicy](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/)
is
a simpler and more effective alternative.
```
